Support returning [versioned] S3Path on `Base.write` (#293)
JuliaCloud/AWSS3.jl: README.md

write(p, "some data")

read(p, byte_range=1:4)  # returns b"some"

> p_versioned = write(p, "other data"; return_path=true) # returns path identical to p but with addition of `version`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
p_versioned = write(p, "other data"; return_path=true) # returns the `S3Path` written to S3 including the new version ID 
```
